Modify rule S2114: LaYC format (#2316)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2114/csharp/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Passing a collection as an argument to the collection's own method is a code defect. There is no reason to add or concatenate a list to itself, and it can lead to reduced readability, as well as unexpected side effects.

Reviewer: I don't like the sentence `There is no reason...`, I find it condescending.

I feel like the description could be a bit more generic, it seems odd to me to talk about only 3-4 examples when in the example there are more cases.

```suggestion
Passing a collection as an argument to the collection's own method is a code defect. Doing so might either have unexpected side effects or always have the same result.
```
